Notes from meeting:
Hardware:
Motors: easier than tracks
Pingpong wheel: better cornering and efficiency, no added friction if a pivot wheel would get caught
Small wheels: more control and precise movement, meaning better overall positional tracking.
Long range ir sensors: short range sensors had too short a focal length, if we were to implement these we may have positional tracking issues through the maze.
Pie, shield and camera: supplied

Currently unable to pass comment on the cad design as it is still in its early stages.

Software:
Network:
We connect to the server with the given ip address.
Send the message “please” to the server.
Receive the password from the server.
Repeat the message back to the server.
Drive through the gate.



Motor control and tracking:
We have an array that stores the value of the measurement of 1/10 pixels on our 320x240 resolution camera.
Then we find the average value across all the measurements in the array, if a pixel is significantly brighter than the average, 
it is safe to assume it is the line (interpreted as white by our AV).
For each white pixel found we create an error value based on how far that pixel is from the center of the camera; this is our p error
value.

We used the  current system time function to set the the start time, for the sake of code testing we set out timestep to 1, this needs 
to be made a great deal smaller once our code is fully implemented.

The error difference value is the current p error value - the previous p error value. If you take that number and divide it by the time 
step it gives the D error value.

The left and right motor speeds are then calculated by  having a constant speed ± (the p error value * our Kp constant) ± (the d error 
value * our Kd constant). (left +, right -)

Abstract:

intro:
Scope: 
 Project scope is the part of project planning that involves determining and documenting a list of specific project goals, deliverables,
 features, functions, tasks, deadlines, and ultimately costs. In other words, it is what needs to be achieved and the work that must be 
 done to deliver a project

motivation:
Applying Key principles and learned skills:
Team work
Deadlines
Budget
Vital, Non-negotiable requirements
Documentation development

Gantt chart to show timing of project
Aim:

To 
design an autonomous robot using raspberry pis
Code 
Acquire skills and knowledge that can be applied in future scenarios
(look into further)


Background:
tasks set out by avc paper
Teams not chosen by us
Tight budget
Deadline
Customer satisfaction

Method:
why we used;
Motors
Batteries
Design
Construction
 Certain elements of programing
Design process
Why wheels vs tracks
Why shape of robot
Why ir sensors
Misc (cable routing)

Programming 
Code in respect to quadrants
Graphs for sensor “sweet spot”
Graph of motor speed
