<ul>3/5/16</ul>
This week was a very productive week, the software is moving forward very fast, jack and nick have implemented the code for
the  camera to follow the line and open the gate, but we haven't yet got the code working for when the tape diverges.
We have implemented a rudimentary PD controller in our code to help with tracking. Finn is now helping Jack and Nick with
finding the code for better error checking and improving the PD design. 
As for the hardware and design, Krishna had an in depth parts list for what we need until 80%.
Cicero has been ticking away at learning the CAD software and is now in the initial planning phase of the final build.
They are now working on measuring the 80% part of the maze, and thinking about necessary hardware to complete it.
This is useful for the final design because size of the bot affects turning radius and ability to traverse the maze.

<ul>10/5/16</ul>
We had some issues with the coding on the Pi this past week; due to network issues, we struggled to SSH into the pi, this 
meant that the coding of the Pi itself went a lot slower this week than last week. Currently the code team is still working 
on the PID controller. Next week they will move on to prioritising what happens when there is a junction or right angle corner 
on the line, or when the line is lost altogether.
The design team however have made some great progress; the finalised parts list is now up and includes the parts we will need 
to get to 100%. The base of the bot (rev.1) has been designed in CAD. In the coming week they will be attaching motors and 
sensors and refining the design of the base.
The reporting team has done brief notes on what is needed in the progress report, so to help the other team members with their 
write up. This week they will edit and revise the weekly goals, and review whether the previous goals have been achieved.

<ul>21/5/16</ul>
This week the reports team provided extra help to the design and software teams to make sure things moved along in a timely
manner, i worked with the design team and finn helped the software team. As well as this we worked towards tidying up the 
GitHub and writing the weekly report up. 
This week was a very productive one for the design team we got through a few revisions, the changes and thought processes
are as follows;  
in rev 1 the base was printed in one section with mounting holes for the raspberry pi be screwed into. Also there were slots
designed in the top of the base for the wheels so they would not move laterally when screwed into the base. 
There was however, one major issue. Because the printer prints in layers using heated plastic, as the plastic sets it 
compresses, meaning the upper layer would cause tension on the layer below as the base was being printed,this caused the layers
to lift and curl upward and towards the center. To fix this, Cicero decided to make a revision to this design and have the base 
printed in two parts, they would be attached via a tooth and slot design. We also decided to move the groves for the wheels to 
the underside of the base. Though this compromises aesthetic appeal (due to a less appealing cable run and the mechanism not 
having a clean housing), it allows the AV to have a higher clearance from the ground. This allows for our screws to be longer 
when necessary. The same mounting style was kept for the pi. The pi was then moved from the test bed to this revision. For 
revision 3 we decided that the ir sensors would need to be mounted, so we created vertical walls on the front and sides to 
accommodate for this. We then added a groove for the rear wheel, this allows us to use less screws and also meant that there was 
less weight in the rear of the AV. After that we added a hole for the camera to be mounted into and created housing for the 
battery to be mounted in. it is located towards the front of the base so that most of the weight would be placed towards the 
front wheels, giving the AV more traction. Having the battery in this position means our Pi would have to be mounted vertically 
above it, so we created standoffs in place of the mounting holes to accommodate for this. One fatal flaw of this revision was 
the fact that it was rather large, meaning it would have to be more precise when going through the maze section due to it being
a tight fit. We revised this in rev 4 by tightening unused space between components, reducing overall length and width and
rounding edges. These modifications will help to increase maneuverability, and also make the coders job more easy because the
AV won't require as much tuning. We believe this will be the final major design change for the chassis.
As for next week, the design team hopes to have the Pi installed in the rev 4 chassis so that the coders can tune the PIDto suit.
We will also revise the design and make holes for the IR sensors to mount to and cable management holes.
The code team this week got a lot done. They combined all of the separate parts to the code into one file with functions that
can be called when needed. They also added intersection handling, with code for recognising when a junction is reached. They tried
to implement static turning functions, but realised that this would not be reliable as the robot would turn different amounts 
depending on the battery charge level. The current method of handling intersections is all combined in the line following function.
When it recognises that it has lost the line, it pivots to the left until the line is found again. This seems to work well, apart
from when the robot loses the line when it isn't meant to, it occassionally does a 180 and returns to the start of the maze.
Once these revisions were done, they  re-tuned the PID to the new rev 2 chassis. When tuning the AV the team found that the AV was 
getting bad oscillations due to the error value being multiplied by ten. They managed to get the robot running fairly
well, but it will have to be re-tuned with the new chassis as it is much smaller. In the next week the code team hopes to be able 
to tune the PID for the rev 4 chassis and then to implement the code for T-intersections without any failures.

<ul>27/5/16</ul>
This week was a particularly stressful one for the coding team, with our AV being marked in 9 days, we had some major issues, a 
lot of which was due to such drastic design changes from the hardware revisions last week. The main issue issue was that our AV 
reduced so drastically in size and weight, this caused our current PID tuning to be mostly useless, having to retune it completely 
from scratch. After some major head scratching we were able to correct this. Part of what made this process so difficult was the 
fact that our Git repository was disorganised, this meant some pretty vital code was lost due to being misplaced and us being
unable to find it. The disorganisation was the first issue rectified this week. As at friday our code is able to get our AV to 
the start of the walled maze again, and do so reliably. We then merged the gate opening code and the line follow code in one file 
and did a retest.  By tuesday we hope to have the walled maze code complete.
 As for the design team, the cable management and the mounting of the IR sensors to the sides of the base were the first point 
 of priority. Whilst krishna and antonio worked on that, cicero worked towards designing the outer shell for our AV. Over the week
 it became quite apparent that our mounting method would not work (from observing other teams), this is due to the fact that they
 were 90° from each other.  If the AV was slightly off when heading in a straight direction, when the PID tried to correct the AV,
 it would tend to over correct and lose control. As a group we noticed that the teams that had their IR sensors angled between 
 the front and sides did not seem to have this problem. The design team quickly rethought a mounting solution for our AV, got it 
 printed and the IRS’s re-installed. As at friday the outer shell is mostly installed, a hole needed to be cut so we had access to
 the usb ports and rear I/O. Now they just have one more piece to print for the front which will be done monday evening.
